### Grunt-Remove-Logging (0.0.1)

Removes `console` related statements from JavaScript code by AST modification and code re-generation.

_Note:_<br/>
This module is at verr early stage of development and currently not a `npm` module.

In the current version it can be used as `pre-minify` task when all code is compressed/mini-/uglified anyway afterwards.

Code is re-generated by `escodegen` module so _ALL_ custom formatting is lost
in the process.

A re-formatting of generated code is _left out by intend_ to avoid possible noise about it's style.
The generated code is formated with the _default_ `format` options of `escodegen`.


#### Usage

```
    // Gruntfile.js
    grunt.initConfig({
        'remove-logging': {
            options: {
                verbose: true,
                mangle: true,       // enable `esmangle`
                optimize: true,     // passed to `esmangle`
                beautify: true,     // passed to `escodegen`
            },
            files: {
                src: ['lib/**/*.js'],
                dest: 'dist/'
            }
        }
    });

    // as long as not an 'npm' module
    grunt.loadTasks('./tasks');

    // use it
    grunt.registerTask('default', ['remove-logging', 'concat', 'uglify' /* more here */]);
```


    #!/bin/sh
    $ grunt remove-logging


#### Dependencies

* lodash `(2.0.0)`
* esprima `(1.0.4)`
* escodegen (`0.0.27)`
* estraverse `(1.3.1)`
* esmangle `(0.0.1)`


#### ROADMAP:

* provide some tests
* options support for used modules
* options to exclude expressions (e.g `try-catch blocks`)


#### Licence

(The MIT License)

Copyright (c) 2013 David Linse <davidlinse@gmail.com>

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation
files (the 'Software'), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy,
modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the
Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the
Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED 'AS IS', WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
THEWARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR
COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE,
ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
